module: allow multiple chain (#53332)
nodejs/node: doc/api/module.md

Register a module that exports [hooks][] that customize Node.js module
resolution and loading behavior. See [Customization hooks][].

Unless cleared with the [`clear`][] call or by resetting the `execArgv` option when spawning
a new worker thread (if the thread was using `--import`), the hooks of the parent thread
are automatically inherited.

All hooks, despite of where they were registered (main thread or worker thread),

> are loaded and executed in a single shared thread which only serves hooks. Therefore any
> side effect present will affect all threads that using the same hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are loaded and executed in a single shared thread that only serves hooks. Therefore any
side effect present will affect all threads that use the same hook.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed in my local commit.
